Suspend network meetings (#41)
tomeshnet/toronto-community-network-docs: src/operations/working-groups.md

## Network Planning, Design and Operations
Plan, design, implement and maintain a well-functioning community network.

> **NOTE** Regular meetings for this workgroup have been suspended. If there is interest in restarting a regular meetup time please let us know. Otherwise please direct any questions to the Email or Chat below

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE** Regular meetings for this working group have been suspended. If there is interest in restarting a regular meetup time please let us know. Otherwise please direct any questions to the Email or Chat below
```
